Implement safe deletion strategy (#93)
kyma-project/keda-manager: README.md

kubectl delete -f config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_keda_k3d.yaml
```

> > **NOTE:** keda-manager uses a safe deletion strategy to uninstall the keda module from the cluster. It means that the keda-manager would keep all keda's CRDs on the cluster after the uninstallation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** `keda-manager` uses a safe deletion strategy to uninstall the keda module from the cluster. It means that `keda-manager` keeps all Keda's CRDs on the cluster after the uninstallation process.
```
